IdEEEas 
IdEEEas is a national-level technical symposium that ignites the realm of technology and innovation, with its grandeur spanning across 12 sub-events, making it the largest technical event at Siddaganga Institute of Technology, Tumakuru. Our participants include students from all over the country. The institute which was nurtured by the esteemed Dr. Sri Sri Sri Shivakumara Mahaswamigalu is constantly aiming at providing value-based technical education to numerous students and thereby illuminating a path to a brighter future. IEEE SIT SB, the largest technical club of SIT is working relentlessly to continue this legacy by organising IdEEEas through the years. In an endeavour to amplify our profound purpose, we are embarking on a remarkable journey to transform IdEEEas into the global stage and provide a platform for students to compete and unveil their technical prowess. We are also planning to conduct webinars and seminars in the event to make it an excellence. The outstanding symposium for future resounding success of IdEEEas 2k23 was witnessed by a whopping participation count of 2006 enthusiastic young minds across the country. This time, with unwavering determination we are aspiring to reach 2500+ participants across the nation, making it a conclave where brilliance thrives and dreams take flight.


EVENTS
1.TECHNOCON:
The event challenges teams to write insightful articles and deliver
captivating presentations on advanced technology topics. Participants
analyze real-world problems, propose innovative solutions, and explore the
potential of emerging technologies.
2. AAVISHKAR:
AAVISHKAR is a Techno based Hobby project showdown. An opportunity for tech enthusiasts to exhibit your fully developed technical projects either hardware or software, which have capabilities to solve our daily life problems.Prepare to be amazed as innovative IdEEEas take center stage, paving the path towards extraordinary Great Inventions.
3.ROBOTICS:
Robotics has been a star attraction of IdEEEas for a long time, with people
from all over India coming in with their creations for an event where nothing
is impossible. The event is itself divided into three events viz. Autonomous
Bot Competition (i.e. Line follower) and Manual Bot Competition (Roborace
and Crossroads). The exhilarating atmosphere is enough to send a shiver
down one's spine!
4.RECTIFIER:
One of the major skills of an engineering student is to find and resolve
defects or problems within a system that hinders its functioning. Rectifier,
the hardware debugging contest which tests the rectifying skills of the
participants. With 1-2nd years and 3-4th years as a division event is open to all electronics geeks.


5.CNARIO:
A thrilling programming contest with a big prize at stake will be up for grab this year. The language used is 'C' as it is the most commonly used and taught language. The students will be tested on their analytical and logical skills. The event is divided into two rounds namely, the MCQ round and a final coding  round. This is a team event and a team should consist of two members only.
6.IdEEEas IDOL:
All of us have an inspiration in life, a role model! Idol is one such event that
briefly appreciates one's talent of being a leader or maybe an icon. As
students, one with the ability to solve general aptitude questions and one who can sit with a group of diverse-minded people and lead a conversation is appreciated as idealistic. Last but not least, to be a responsible citizen, the
knowledge of changes that society requires and the diversified thoughts upon a social change is a definite strength to possess to be identified as our winner. To test an individual and present an IDOL amongst the competitors is the event as a whole.
7.PITCH-O-THON:
Pitch-o-thon is the newest addition to IdEEEas-2k23 which focuses on
giving a platform to all the brilliant ideas which can be converted into a
startup in the future. This supports both technical and non-technical
business proposals. It is open to students from all the engineering colleges
and students pursuing MBA. The best idea will be selected based on how
the team presents the idea from the perspective of business which
includes finances, future stacks, growth, market demand, marketing, and
many more.
8.BLITZ:
Blitz is a literary event in which the purpose of the event is to explore a
person's literary proficiency. It is all about having fun with words as well
check the spontaneity in analyzing and responding. It's a fun-filled event
with minimum prior knowledge.


9.TRADEMARK:
Design is about more than just aesthetics. It's about connecting with the
audience and communicating a message that resonates with them. One of the major skills of an engineering student is creativity. A logo is a symbol or
emblem that is unique to a brand, an individual, a company, or a business.
Logos serve to represent a given organization through a visual image that can be easily understood, builds trust, and gets recognized. Through this event, we unleash each participant's inner designer by designing a logo based on the given theme showcasing their creativity.
10.PHOTOGRAPHIA:
Unleash your creativity in Photographia, the captivating photography contest of the year. Freeze time, transport viewers, and tell stories through your lens. Judgment criteria are designed to assess the overall technical skill, creativity, composition, and adherence to the theme. Leave an impression, and gain recognition.
11. WEBIFY:
Unleash your web development skills at "Webify"! Team up with a partner and showcase your expertise in two thrilling rounds. Experience the challenge of rearranging jumbled website components and coding from scratch to create stunning web designs. Compete against fellow participants, aiming for glory and recognition. Don't miss out on the opportunity to showcase your coding prowess and leave your mark at "Webify."
12. THE trIEEEvia:
Unveil the quizard in you! To all the tech enthusiasts with great knowledge
and fast fingers, here's a technical quiz for you. Crack the trickiest questions and win exciting goodies. Bring the right partner along to boost your energy and light up your talent to stand as a winner. Find the fastest of fingers to answer the questions at the moment out on the qualified panel. Sign yourself up for an electrifying round of trivia!
